# Data-Manipulation-Visualization-Lifestyle
In this data manipulation and visualization project, It is analyzed the socio-economic factors that influence overall happiness worldwide and how they have changed over time. Two datasets from Kaggle were examined:

- The World Happiness Report (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/unsdsn/world-happiness) is a historical survey on the state of global happiness. The report continues to gain global recognition as governments, organizations, and civil society increasingly use happiness indicators to inform their policy decisions. Prominent experts in various fields, including economics, psychology, survey analysis, national statistics, health, public policy, and more, describe how well-being measurements can be effectively used to assess a nation's progress. Happiness scores and rankings are based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The scores rely on responses to the main life evaluation question in the survey. This question, known as the Cantril ladder, asks respondents to think of a ladder with the best possible life for them as a 10 and the worst possible life as a 0 and to rate their current life on that scale. The columns following the happiness score estimate the measure in each of these six factors: economic production, social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity.

- The Human Freedom Index (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/gsutters/the-human-freedom-index) provides a reasonably accurate and comprehensive picture of overall freedom around the world.

**This repository does not contain the datasets I used.**
